A quitter never wins and a winner never quits.

The road to riches is paved with homework.

Life will be happy, until the end when you will pee yourself a lot

Someone has Googled you recently.

If it's important you'll find a way. If it's not you'll find an excuse.

You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets. #Motivation

Give up, give in or give it your all. #Motivation

If it doesn't challenge you it won't change you. #Motivation

Difficult roads lead to beautiful destinations. #Motivation

If they doubt you, prove them wrong. If they believe in you, prove them right. #Motivation

Respect those who tell you the truth no matter how hard it is to hear. #Motivation

Life gives you what you work for, not what you ask for. #Motivation

Strong people don't have an easy past. #Motivation

Before you give up think of how far you'll be in a year if you don't. #Motivation

The goal isn't to be better than anyone else but to be better than you used to be. #Motivation

Everyone makes mistakes. The difference is how we react to them. #Motivation

The best view comes after the hardest climb. #Motivation

Unbearable challenges create unbreakable character. #Motivation

When you're good at something you'll tell everyone. When you're great they'll tell you. #Motivation

You are a reflection of all the choices you have made. #Motivation

There is no worse fate than settling for something less than your true potential. #Motivation

They'll follow your example, not your advice. #Motivation

Champions are rewarded in public for the work they put in when no one is watching. #Motivation

Failure isn't the end, it's the start of your comeback story. #Motivation

Don't feel guilty for wanting more out of life than average. #Motivation

Do not ask for an easy life, ask for the strength to endure a difficult one. #Motivation

Every winner started as a beginner. #Motivation
Go for everything they said you could never achieve. #Motivation

Don't be upset about the results you didn't get from the work you didn't do. #Motivation

When looking back doesn't interest you anymore you're doing something right. #Motivation

Nothing will slow your progress like a negative mindset. #Motivation

Success is what happens after you have survived all your disappointments. #Motivation

Life is 10% what happens and 90% how you respond to it. #Motivation

Surround yourself with those who push you to be the best version of yourself. #Motivation

Work in silence, let your success make the noise. #Motivation

Wake up every day with the goal to be better. #Motivation

If you're not willing to work for it, don't complain about it. #Motivation

The difference between the great and the average is that the greats didn't stop at failure.

Stop being a prisoner of your past and start being an architect of your future. #Motivation

Winners are not people who never fail, they are people who never quit. #Motivation

If a million people say a foolish thing
ent drummer, but you're still in the parade.

You will always find something in the last place you look.

You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are. If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.

You climb to reach the summit, but once there, discover that all roads lead down.

You can't mend a wristwatch while falling from an airplane.

You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.

You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.

You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.

With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.

Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.

Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.

When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.

When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.

When it's dark enough you can see the stars. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it. -- Gandhi

What makes the universe so hard to comprehend is that there's nothing to compare it with.

Well, you know, no matter where you go, there you are. -- Buckaroo Banzai

There is more to life than increasing its speed. -- Mahatma Gandhi

The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.

The farther you go, the less you know. -- Lao Tsu

Push where it gives and scratch where it itches.

Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.

Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.

Life is like a sewer.  What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.

Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.  Most of us have gears we never use.

Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around us in awareness.

A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.

All intelligent species own cats.

Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.

Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.

Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.

Cats are smarter than dogs.  You can't make eight cats pull a sled through the snow.

Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.

Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?

For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a cat.

Never try to outstubborn a cat.

The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're called.  Cats take a message and get back to you.

There are many intelligent species in the universe, and they all own cats.

To err is human. To purr feline.

It's always sad when the fleas leave, because that means your dog is dead.

A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other.

There is no need to do any housework at all.  After the first four years the dirt doesn't get any worse.

Fertility is hereditary.  If your parents didn't have any children, neither will you.

Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs pounding.

It's never too late to have a happy childhood.

Kids always brighten up a house; mostly by leaving the lights on.

Life is a sexually transmitted disease with 100% mortality.

Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.

The idea is to die young as late as possible.

There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.

The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. -- Edmund Burke

When all else fails, read the instructions.

If you can't read this, blame a teacher.

If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.

If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.

If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything.

One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.

Practice is the best of all instructors.

Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.

Spelling is a lossed art.

The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.

The world is coming to an end!  Repent and return those library books!

Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.

To teach is to learn twice.

A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere. -- Groucho Marx

All men are mortal.  Socrates was mortal.  Therefore, all men are Socrates. -- Woody Allen

Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.  It's already tomorrow in Australia.

How come you never see a headline like "Psychic Wins Lottery"?

I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.

Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend.  Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read. -- Groucho Marx

Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.

Death has been proven to be 99% fatal in laboratory rats.

Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.

A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.

A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.

A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.

A man who carries a cat by its tail learns something he can learn in no other way.

A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.

A watched clock never boils.

A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.

A wise person makes his own decisions, a weak one obeys public opinion.

After the game the king and the pawn go in the same box.

All that glitters has a high refractive index.

All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.

An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.

An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.
