Always pass on what you have learned. - Yoda

Truly wonderful the mind of a child is. - Yoda

You will find only what you bring in. - Yoda

In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first. - George Carlin 

Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. - Jim Carrey

Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. - Charles J. Sykes 

Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. - Groucho Marx 

Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves? - Robin Williams 

I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens. - Woody Allen 

To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone.

Your future has not been written. It is s up to you to write it. - Derek Onysko

Not all who wander are lost.

A quitter never wins and a winner never quits.

The road to riches is paved with homework.

Life will be happy, until the end when you will pee yourself a lot

Someone has Googled you recently.

If it's important you'll find a way. If it's not you'll find an excuse.

You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets. 

Give up, give in or give it your all. 

If it doesn't challenge you it won't change you. 

Difficult roads lead to beautiful destinations. 

If they doubt you, prove them wrong. If they believe in you, prove them right. 

Respect those who tell you the truth no matter how hard it is to hear. 

Life gives you what you work for, not what you ask for. 

Strong people don't have an easy past. 

Before you give up think of how far you'll be in a year if you don't. 

The goal isn't to be better than anyone else but to be better than you used to be. 

Everyone makes mistakes. The difference is how we react to them. 

The best view comes after the hardest climb. 

Unbearable challenges create unbreakable character. 

When you're good at something you'll tell everyone. When you're great they'll tell you. 

You are a reflection of all the choices you have made. 

There is no worse fate than settling for something less than your true potential. 

They'll follow your example, not your advice. 

Champions are rewarded in public for the work they put in when no one is watching. 

Failure isn't the end, it's the start of your comeback story. 

Don't feel guilty for wanting more out of life than average. 

Do not ask for an easy life, ask for the strength to endure a difficult one. 

Every winner started as a beginner. 
Go for everything they said you could never achieve. 

Don't be upset about the results you didn't get from the work you didn't do. 

When looking back doesn't interest you anymore you're doing something right. 

Nothing will slow your progress like a negative mindset. 

Success is what happens after you have survived all your disappointments. 

Life is 10% what happens and 90% how you respond to it. 

Surround yourself with those who push you to be the best version of yourself. 

Work in silence, let your success make the noise. 

Wake up every day with the goal to be better. 

If you're not willing to work for it, don't complain about it. 

The difference between the great and the average is that the greats didn't stop at failure.

Stop being a prisoner of your past and start being an architect of your future. 

Winners are not people who never fail, they are people who never quit. 

If a million people say a foolish thing
ent drummer, but you're still in the parade.

You will always find something in the last place you look.

You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are. If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.

You climb to reach the summit, but once there, discover that all roads lead down.

You can't mend a wristwatch while falling from an airplane.

You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.

You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.

You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.

With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.

Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.

Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.

When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.

When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.

When it's dark enough you can see the stars. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it. -- Gandhi

What makes the universe so hard to comprehend is that there's nothing to compare it with.

Well, you know, no matter where you go, there you are. -- Buckaroo Banzai

There is more to life than increasing its speed. -- Mahatma Gandhi

The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.

The farther you go, the less you know. -- Lao Tsu

Push where it gives and scratch where it itches.

Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.

Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.

Life is like a sewer.  What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.

Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.  Most of us have gears we never use.

Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around us in awareness.

A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.

All intelligent species own cats.

Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.

Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.

Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.

Cats are smarter than dogs.  You can't make eight cats pull a sled through the snow.

Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.

Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?

For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a cat.

Never try to outstubborn a cat.

The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're called.  Cats take a message and get back to you.

There are many intelligent species in the universe, and they all own cats.

To err is human. To purr feline.

It's always sad when the fleas leave, because that means your dog is dead.

A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other.

There is no need to do any housework at all.  After the first four years the dirt doesn't get any worse.

Fertility is hereditary.  If your parents didn't have any children, neither will you.

Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs pounding.

It's never too late to have a happy childhood.

Kids always brighten up a house; mostly by leaving the lights on.

Life is a sexually transmitted disease with 100% mortality.

Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.

The idea is to die young as late as possible.

There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.

The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. -- Edmund Burke

When all else fails, read the instructions.

If you can't read this, blame a teacher.

If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.

If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.

If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything.

One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.

Practice is the best of all instructors.

Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.

Spelling is a lossed art.

The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.

The world is coming to an end!  Repent and return those library books!

Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.

To teach is to learn twice.

A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere. -- Groucho Marx

All men are mortal.  Socrates was mortal.  Therefore, all men are Socrates. -- Woody Allen

Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.  It's already tomorrow in Australia.

How come you never see a headline like "Psychic Wins Lottery"?

I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.

Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend.  Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read. -- Groucho Marx

Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.

Death has been proven to be 99% fatal in laboratory rats.

Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.

A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.

A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.

A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.

A man who carries a cat by its tail learns something he can learn in no other way.

A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.

A watched clock never boils.

A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.

A wise person makes his own decisions, a weak one obeys public opinion.

After the game the king and the pawn go in the same box.

All that glitters has a high refractive index.

All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.

An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.

An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.

If you're the smartest person in the room then it's time to find a bigger room.

A positive life cannot be created from a negative mindset.

If your dreams don't scare you then they're not big enough.

If it's important you'll find a way. If it's not you'll find an excuse.

You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.

You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.

Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.

A diamond is merely a lump of coal that did well under pressure.

Follow your passion, stay true to yourself, never follow someone else’s path unless you’re in the woods and you’re lost and you see a path then by all means you should follow that.

Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.

If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.

Good things come to those who wait… greater things come to those who get off their ass and do anything to make it happen.
